are you do with Oh Ren Emilia Ren and
who might you be
James Fleshman I'm a meteorologist
I believe the weather can be predicted I
need you and your balloon to help me
women don't belong in the gnomes on show
this is absurd
your reputation is built on paper and my
reputation is built on screen
I hate you going up in that balloon I do
not wish to lose you to any more
foolishness it's where I have found the
greatest happiness
[Music]
the possibility of weather prediction
could save lives we are scientists but
fortune tellers you are the only person
who could fly us higher and anyone has
ever been
[Music]
and so it begins
have you noticed he's completely silent
[Music]
[Applause]
there's nothing more beautiful and the
stars of the sky we are dancing among
something you should think of slowing
you know
every layer of air we are traveling into
an unknown one that we to lose I know
this could be more important than our
lives
and will come a time when we good
that decision will only be mine yes I
have a feeling they're not coming back
we took to the skies to change the
wallet you don't change the world simply
by looking at it prove them wrong drugs
you change it by living in it together
report the Stars closer
[Music]